# Advent of Cyber 2022  
    Get started with Cyber Security in 24 Days - learn the basics by doing a new, beginner-friendly security challenge every day leading up to Christmas.

+ Task 1  Introduction `No Answer Needed`
+ Task 2  Short Tutorial & Rules ` No Answer Needed`
+ Task 3  Our Socials
    - Follow us on LinkedIn!
    - Join our Discord and say hi!
    - Follow us on Twitter!
    - Check out the subreddit!
    - Join us on Instagram! 
    - Follow us on Facebook!
    - See what we do on Pinterest! 
+ Task 4  Subscribing, TryHackMe for Business & Christmas Swag! `No Answer Needed`
+ Task 5  Nightmare Before Elfmas - The Story `No Answer Needed`
+ Task 6  [Day 1] Frameworks Someone's coming to town!
    - Who is the adversary that attacked Santa's network this year? `The Bandit Yeti`
    - What's the flag that they left behind?    `THM{IT'S A Y3T1 CHR1$TMA$}`
    - `No Answer Needed`
+ Task 7  [Day 2] Log Analysis Santa's Naughty & Nice Log
    - Ensure you are connected to the deployable machine in this task. `No Anser Needed`
    - Use the ls command to list the files present in the current directory. How many log files are present? `2`
    ```bash
    elfmcblue@day-2-log-analysis:~$ ls
    SSHD.log  webserver.log
    ```
    - Elf McSkidy managed to capture the logs generated by the web server. What is the name of this log file? `webserver.log`
    - Begin investigating the log file from question #3 to answer the following questions. `No Answer Needed`
    - On what day was Santa's naughty and nice list stolen? `friday`
    - What is the IP address of the attacker? `10.10.249.191`
    - What is the name of the important list that the attacker stole from Santa? `santaslist.txt`
    - Look through the log files for the flag. The format of the flag is: THM{} `THM{STOLENSANTASLIST}`
    - Interested in log analysis? We recommend the Windows Event Logs room or the Endpoint Security Monitoring Module. `No answer Needed`
+ Task 8  [Day 3] OSINT Nothing escapes detective McRed
    - What is the name of the Registrar for the domain santagift.shop? `Namecheap, Inc`
    - Find the website's source code (repository) on github.com and open the file containing sensitive credentials. Can you find the flag? `{THM_OSINT_WORKS}`
    - What is the name of the file containing passwords?`config.php`
    - What is the name of the QA server associated with the website? `qa.santagift.shop`
    - What is the DB_PASSWORD that is being reused between the QA and PROD environments? `S@nta2022`
    - Check out this room if you'd like to learn more about Google Dorking! `no answer Needed`
+ Task 9  [Day 4] Scanning Scanning through the snow
    - What is the name of the HTTP server running on the remote host? `Apache`
    - What is the name of the service running on port 22 on the QA server? `ssh`
    - What flag can you find after successfully accessing the Samba service? `{THM_SANTA_SMB_SERVER}`
    ```bash
    ┌──(lodwig㉿kali)-[~]
    └─$ smbclient \\\\10.10.70.98\\admins -U ubuntu
    Password for [WORKGROUP\ubuntu]:
    Try "help" to get a list of possible commands.
    smb: \> ls
    .                                   D        0  Wed Nov  9 21:44:30 2022
    ..                                  D        0  Wed Nov  9 09:43:21 2022
    flag.txt                            A       23  Wed Nov  9 09:55:58 2022
    userlist.txt                        A      111  Wed Nov  9 21:44:29 2022

            40581564 blocks of size 1024. 38230500 blocks available
    ```
    - What is the password for the username santahr? `santa25`
    - If you want to learn more scanning techniques, we have a module dedicated to Nmap! `No Answer Needed`
+ Task 10  [Day 5] Brute-Forcing He knows when you're awake
    - Use Hydra to find the VNC password of the target with IP address MACHINE_IP. What is the password?
    - Using a VNC client on the AttackBox, connect to the target of IP address 10.10.250.207. What is the flag written on the target’s screen?
    - If you liked the topics presented in this task, check out these rooms next: Protocols and Servers 2, Hydra, Password Attacks, John the Ripper.